problems

reflections from the group
  our sensors are 15 actually alright.

Look at the Arduino Radar project.

The same problem as Volvo Cars.
  The sensors have noice that we need to overcome.

we have the possibility to do this.

we need more sensors, at least 1 and at least 2 to the side
  coupling with the ir-sensors even if it does not give especially good info.
  Bad reflection.

Laser sensor in front for low speed collision detect and a camera and ultrasonic.
  range need to be estimated.
  ultrasonic measures speed and angle.

Camera and ultrasonic is a good combination.

Arduino for steering.

Raspberry pi for the bigger thing, recognition.
  Quad-Core is important, so RPi3b.

Blynk and MIT creator for connection to the RPi.
  ASP366 - Testing and connection Arduino.
    It can be used as a hot spot for control. Very cheap.

The DriveMe project has a mapped route around gbg

the problems with the automous driving:
  When you remove the driver, sensor detector requierments are really long.

  360 object detection, on road detection, localization and mapping.
  rotating laser sensor?
  If the car loses the map the user can be propted to take over, while the
    car keep doing the right thing for a little while.

  One of the things with the following.
    At least 3, one in front, ultrasonic: for telling the system where the person
  is.

  For now: identify what we need to do, look at the blynk and MIT creator.
    Look at the Arduino Radar..
    Ways of describing the surrondings:
  -Rotating the Ultrasonic for detection.
  -more complex: Occupans grid: fills in the information in small squares
    everytime the sensors have detected something in the square.
    With a steady output of information. May work in the Arduino.
  - simulation location and mapping: SLAM maybe needs a RPi3 or a PC.


  Cool shit
    sensors in the car industry just has longer range, but are not better.
    Care about the voltage of the sensors: resistors might be needed.

Buy:
  Magnetic sensor as a compass
    We need to make sure we are not going over tram tracks it will disrupt,
    another noise to overcome.
  Gyro-sensor?
      Used for changes in wheel spins.

      CAUTION: GPS might be time consuming.

      Use case:
        Autonomous breaking
        1 or 2 work on the vision: we can send the plan to Henrik.
        Write an app and download and compare how well we can get our location.
          Log the phone gps.
          We can use multiple phones to get a better relative position
          lot of filtering, long term adjustment of the path.
          The relative speed from the gps is good, while the position is not.
          Angle is also something that we can use.

          We can call Henrik for parts. hehe.

  Ultrasonic and IR for autonomous breaking is a good idea.

  henrik.o.lind@gmail.com

  zenuity
  
